c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\CalendarQuickstart.exe.config
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\credentials.json
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\CalendarQuickstart.exe
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\CalendarQuickstart.pdb
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Calendar.v3.dll
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Calendar.v3.pdb
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Calendar.v3.xml
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\obj\Debug\CalendarQuickstart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\obj\Debug\CalendarQuickstart.exe
c:\users\miyoo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CalendarQuickstart\CalendarQuickstart\obj\Debug\CalendarQuickstart.pdb
